hi cozy friends its Julie and as you can
see my skin is all flared up because I
just came in from exercising outside and
it is I think around 32 degrees Celsius
I don't know what that is in Fahrenheit
if I remember to do it the conversion
I'll put that on the screen somewhere
there's also a huge amount of humidity
my hair is a disaster but I look like a
disaster but I thought because I look
this bad and my skin is so flared up it
would be a great time to test a new
concealer product that I have been
hoping to try for a while now if you've
been watching my videos for a while then
you know that I have previously tried
the Physicians Formula powder foundation
powder to cover up rosacea and that does
a good good job it has like pretty good
coverage for a sort of everyday wear but
um I'm dating like today where I
actually have redness or hot outside or
I'm just facing any kind of real redness
problems as opposed to just the
permanent stuff that's on my face all
the time then I need a little bit more
and so I did see that they had this
Physicians Formula concealer it's got
two sides it's got kind of a light baby
side and then the green side and this is
not a sponsored video by the way I
bought this with my own money and I
bought it because it was on sale oh I
saw this in the store and I as you know
have had problems with green concealers
in the past because they tend to show
through my foundations because my skin
is so horribly pale that the foundation
color is pale and won't cover up the
green part but this one also comes with
the kind of baiji side like this so I'm
hopeful because it says that the green
part covers and corrects blemishes and
redness and the this one is the light
one they have them in different shades
the light part covers the green as well
as minor imperfections so I'm hoping
that because it actually has something
to cover up the green that if I use that
and then maybe the foundation on top on
days like today when I
like this it might help me out so I'm
going to use my redness to my advantage
and test out this product for the first
time so I'm just going to do a close-up
so that you can see what we're working
with
okay so the package directions say use
green concealer to optically correct
redness reddish imperfections and then
step two is dab on light concealer and
Pat do not rub to cover the green for a
flawless finish and that's as to hide
minor imperfections dab on light
concealer and gently blend with finger
tips so that's that's it
on that to me sort of implies that you
wouldn't need another product on top so
first I'm just going to take the green
here it comes with a little doe foot
applicator I do recognize that this is
not necessarily meant for patches quite
this large but I was just really curious
because it does just talk about reddish
imperfections and things like that it's
probably just meant for pimples and
things but hey I don't mind giving this
a try incase it works but I'm going to
just apply a little bit of this lightly
to my face and then instead of using the
actual applicator because I don't want
it to be covered in bacteria I'm gonna
use one of my own disposable sponges to
just sort of tap that into place so I'm
just gonna use one of these I absolutely
love these I buy them at the dollar
store or anywhere else I can get them
for cheap it helps to keep bacteria and
things like that from being reapplied to
my face over and over
overall I would say that this did cover
redness it covered it very well this is
a very very good coverage on this side
there is not a lot of redness there at
all that said it is a lot cakier than I
like it actually has a makeup look it
doesn't have that sort of flawless skin
look it has an I'm wearing foundation on
my face look also I can tell right here
it looks like I have giant open pores
I'm not sure why it's accentuating the
look of my pores but it absolutely is I
don't really like that it it's not
giving me the kind of finish that I
would really like on my face I'm really
kind of torn with it I think if I were
just to be covering spots if I had
pimples I wanted to cover or there's
just a little patch you know anytime the
the little pustules or anything like
that came if they came out because of a
rosacea flare-up this would cover the
little spots I don't think that I would
use it for an actual coverage on a large
segment of my face like I did with this
time that was at this time just to test
to see if it would work just because for
one thing I don't think that that's what
it's specifically designed to do it
doesn't say that it's not meant for
larger areas of skin and it did you know
provide coverage but it just didn't give
a very nice finish for a large area I
think it would be much better for actual
just bark spot treatments it did do what
it said that it would do it did actually
cover up the redness and it did a good
job covering up the redness it doesn't
leave a good feel it's very very dry on
the side it doesn't feel irritated it
just doesn't it feels quite dry it feels
like I have a clay based product on my
face overall I would say this is
actually quite a good product if you
just want to cover up a small area for a
larger areas such as rosacea I'm not
sure that this is the way to go at least
if you have dry skin like me it's not
all that expensive I think it's 11
something full-price where I normally
shop and I got it on sale for a couple
of dollars off that which is why I
really wanted to try it I'm glad that I
have it I won't be trying to return it
or anything like that because I will
actually try it again if I have more
success with it on a larger area I will
absolutely film another video like I did
actually with this product with the
powder from Physicians Formula
apparently I'm not good at the first
impressions for Physicians Formula
if it does turn out that I do it can do
a better job with this or if you've
tried this and you love it and you know
that I've done it the wrong way please
say something to me so that I can try it
again
and then I will just make another video
and tell you that I was wrong and I will
absolutely update you on that yeah so I
hope you like this video and I hope you
put it like videos like this if you did
please give it a thumbs up if you want
to see more product halves and things
like this if you want to see more advice
and tips and rants and things like that
about dealing with my rosacea wrong skin
then I hope you'll subscribe to my
channel a good Matt I will see you next
time